#summary Where the Icefilms addon is going. This page is subject to constant change.
If you want to follow development or get involved, check out [http://forum.xbmc.org/showthread.php?t=90315 this thread] and the [https://github.com/icefilms-xbmc Github Development Repositories].

= v1.0.0 =
Progress noted in brackets.
Will be a bit delayed, but i promise it will be good. Expect it sometime during february.

 * Movie Metadata support (done)
 * Library Mode - nice ways to view metadata (done)
 * Pre-Packaged metadata container support (almost done)
 * a download limit notifier. addon will notify you if you've exceeded your megaup down limit (done)
 * better search (done)
 * download videofiles to folder of your choice. add to library. (done)
 * favourites (done)
 * some new images for sub-categories that htpc guy is preparing (done)
 * proper directories for tv show seasons (done)

= v1.1.0 =
Planned features, maybe a bit ambitious.
 * good tidy up of the code
 * move menu of choice to context menu instead of big multi choice dialog
 * TVShow, Seasons and Episode metadata support. + tv meta in metadata container.
 * Displaying backdrops support, + backdrops contained in metadata container.
 * Lightweight http server to serve files as a url as they are being downloaded by python (would enable pause and full video caching)
 
== To Do for Future Releases ==
 * megavid support
 * Youtube trailer support - links to Youtube add-on
 * special handling for multi part files (queues parts, treats multi-part files as a video playlist)
 * 2shared

* NOTE:* I had previously thought that [http://trac.xbmc.org/ticket/10779 this patch] would provide a universal xbmc streaming cache. 
This is not the case. I have since been told that video cache implementation in python _is_ possible through use of a http server.

*Release Guide*
 * X.0.0 - Addon overhaul releases. Substantial overhaul of code or the introduction of a plethora of new features.
 * 0.X.0 - These releases are major added features that build upon the current code.
 * 0.0.X - Incremental releases. Usually bug-fixes or minor added features.